Docs: Added stRIF testnet and OFT addresses (#318)
rsksmart/devportal: tutorials/ethereum-devs/geth-attach-local-node.md

![Java Download](/assets/img/tutorials/geth-attach-local-node/image-01.png)

> For MacOS and Linux Users:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Linux and Mac users:
```

Go to the [releases page](https://github.com/rsksmart/rskj/releases) and click on the most recent to download it.

> You need to click on the JAR file, in the end of the post about the latest release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to click on the link for the JAR file, at the bottom of the post about the latest release.
```

(Replace <PATH-TO-THE-RSKJ-JAR> with your path to the JAR file).

> > For Mac users run `pwd` on current working directory on bash, to locate the full path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For Linux and Mac users, run `pwd` on current working directory on bash, to locate the full path.
```

**Important:**

> Do not close this terminal/console window. The node is running here, and if closed will stop the running node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not close this terminal window.
If closed, the RSK node is running here will stop.
```

![Geth install](/assets/img/tutorials/geth-attach-local-node/image-05.png)

> Alternatively, on MacOS and Linux, enter the commands below on bash to install geth:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, on Linux and Mac, enter the commands below on bash to install geth:
```
